http://www.bbc.com/sport/winter-olympics/43080576
Dom Parsons won Great Britain's first medal of the 2018 Winter Olympics with bronze in the men's skeleton.

After a dramatic final run, Parsons finished 0.11 seconds ahead of fourth-placed Martins Dukurs with a combined time of three minutes 22.20 seconds.

Parsons, 30, looked to have lost out on a medal until world champion Dukurs made mistakes on his final run.

South Korea's Yun Sung-bin won gold by a record 1.63secs with Nikita Tregubov, an Olympic athlete from <L>Russia</L> second.

Briton Jerry Rice, 27, finished 10th in 3:24.24.

"It hasn't really sunk in yet," Parsons told BBC Sport. "I thought I'd lost it after that fourth run. It felt like it'd had gone.

"But Martins Dukurs has made some more mistakes and he's the last person I'd expect that from.

"It's been great. All the work we've put in has paid off."

<L>Britain</L> have won a medal every time skeleton has featured at the Winter Olympics, but Parsons is Britain's first men's medallist in the event since John Crammond in 1948.

Parsons, who finished 10th in <L>Sochi</L> four years ago and has been on the podium in the World Cup only once, was not regarded as one of the main British medal contenders before the Games.

"Dom's aim was to get a medal," said Amy Williams, Britain's Olympic skeleton champion in 2010. "No-one thought that was possible, but he's loved this track from the moment these Games started."

Britain's dramatic first medal

Parsons was fourth after the first two runs on Thursday, and put in his quickest time of the competition - 50.33 - to move into third after the third run on Friday.

After posting 50.61 in the final run, a disappointed Parsons sat in silver-medal position - 0.02 behind Tregubov - with only Dukurs and Yun to come, and expected to push him into fourth.

However, Dukurs - who has won eight World Cup titles and five World Championships - slipped from second after three runs to fourth in the final standings.

Yun powered to victory by the biggest margin in men's skeleton history.
