http://www.bbc.com/sport/winter-olympics/43095324
British short-track skater Elise Christie was in tears as she was taken to hospital after crashing out of the 1500m semi-final at <L>Pyeongchang</L> 2018.

The 27-year-old collided with China's Li Jinyu on the final lap as she tried to finish in the top two.

The Scot, disqualified in three events at <L>Sochi</L> 2014, was judged to have caused the incident and penalised.

Having missed out on a medal in the 500m, Christie only has the 1,000m left to end her Olympic drought.

In a message released by Team <L>GB</L> on social media on Saturday evening, Christie said: "I'm happy to say I've got no broken bones. We'll do our best to turn this around now but I'd just like to thank everyone for the support back home. We'll do our best now to get this fixed."

Team <L>GB</L> had earlier said that Christie was taken to hospital for an X-ray on her ankle which showed no serious injuries and medical staff will continue to assess her over the coming days.

Christie's boyfriend Hungarian skater Shaolin Liu told BBC Sport that she hoped to compete in the 1,000m, which starts on Tuesday.

The Scot's team-mate Charlotte Gilmartin, who also failed to qualify for the final, said: "It looks like it's her foot, but I haven't had a chance to speak to her.

"I'm just hoping it's an impact thing that's shocked her, but she doesn't stay down for nothing. It's horrendous. I really feel for her. I just hope it's nothing major and the 1,000m is all to play for."

More heartbreak for Christie

There were high hopes for Christie following a commanding display in the quarter-finals of the 1500m.

She was inconsolable after her crash in the 500m on Tuesday, but appeared determined on the eve of an event in which she is the world champion.

Yet again, Christie positioned herself near the back of the field. However, this time she found it difficult to navigate her way into a top-two position.

In a dramatic final lap, the Briton tried to cut past Li on the outside but clipped the Chinese skater sending both to ground.

Christie appeared to be in pain after the crash and was taken off on a stretcher after receiving treatment on the track. She was later taken to hospital.

British former short-track skater Wilf O'Reilly told BBC Sport: "The penalty was right, but again Christie gave it her best shot. When the left hand came across, it caught the Chinese girl and, of course, she then takes Christie with her as well."

'I can't cope with this Christie heartache'
There were again messages of support for Christie after her second crash in a week.

Former skater Jon Eley on BBC Sport: "It was a heavy fall. She has very little time to react and to stop herself from going feet first into the mats. Elise Christie left herself a little bit too much to do going round that last corner. It's a tough call but I can see why he's given that decision."

Former skater Sarah Lindsay on BBC Sport: "It can be a surreal moment when you fall - trust me I know. It all happens so quickly and very quickly it hits you so hard that it is all over."

And here's what you said...
A House Cat Named Gem: I'm afraid that Elise Christie will be to Winter Olympics medals what Jimmy White was to winning snooker's world title or Ivan Lendl was to winning Wimbledon. I think she's destined to never win anything at the Games. Have to feel for her and the 'luck' that she has endured.

3 of 6: I run half marathons. I see those that succeed and sadly the few that fail to finish. At least they all tried. Just like Elise and others like her from all nations that have been selected then qualified in their sports to represent their country. Priceless. Too many of you failing to see all the personal sacrifices, personal costs, hard work and training it takes just to be selected.

Rhys Jones: Actually can't believe this speed skating. Think poor Elise Christie is actually cursed.

Julia: Watching Elise Christie is way too stressful!

Christie crashes out in 500m
This latest disappointment for the Briton comes only days after she failed in her bid to win a medal in the 500m.

Can she shake off <L>Sochi</L> failures?

This is Christie's third Games. She was not expected to win any medals at <L>Vancouver</L> 2010, but went into <L>Sochi</L> 2014 as a contender in all three of her events - 500m, 1,000m and 1500m. However, it was a nightmare Olympics for her.

She was disqualified in the 500m and then judged to have not finished her 1500m heat. Her misery was compounded by another penalty in the 1,000m, her final event, when she was deemed have impeded China's Jianrou Li on the final lap of the semi-final as they both fell over.

Christie also received social media abuse from South Korean speed skating fans who were upset that the crash caused by Christie in the 500m final had hampered the chances of their racer Park Seung-hi.

What's next for Christie?
Assuming she is fit, the Scot has one final chance to get on the podium at <L>Pyeongchang</L> when she begins her campaign in the 1,000m on Tuesday.

Christie, world champion at the distance, has previously said this is her favoured event.
