Shiffrin has been all-conquering this season, with 10 wins in 20 races, including five in a row after Christmas. Her prodigious tally is now up to 41 World Cup wins. To put that in perspective, Lindsey Vonn -- only five World Cup wins behind Ingemar Stenmark's all-time record of 86 -- had seven at the same age.
Significantly, Shiffrin also reaped the rewards of a renewed focus on speed training to clinch her first ever World Cup downhill win in December.
But what are the requirements of skiing's different disciplines? Can a slalom skier pull off the Olympic equivalent of Usain Bolt winning the 3,000 meters?
"Skiing is a power sport so the ultimate limiting factor to an athlete's success is their ability to produce force and raise power," says Canadian Lackie.
Shiffrin stands 5 feet 7 inches tall and weighs 145 pounds, similar to four years ago but with more "baby fat" converted to muscle, according to Albrecht. That's compared to speed specialist Vonn's 5 feet 10 inches and 160 pounds, according to the <L>US</L> Ski Team website.
"There's no arguing having additional mass is going to benefit athletes because gravity is our primary driver but you can't ignore the strength-to-weight ratio," says Lackie.
He uses the analogy of a race car that can accelerate quickly in a straight line but is cumbersome around corners.
The optimum downhill body type, he says, is one that can overcome up to three times its body weight in jumps or big direction changes, but can still get into an aerodynamic position and be fluid and dynamic on the skis.
"In slalom it's about how quickly athletes can generate force in a different direction to oppose what gravity or centrifugal force or a sudden change of direction is causing," he says.
"Slalom skiers are faster at generating force but produce less absolute force than a downhiller would.
"With Mikaela we're looking to find that balance where she has that strength and power to be competitive in all events. I think we've struck a pretty good balance right now."